How did viewing a diff between two versions 
of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Resp: Observing only de differences between two files helps because you get rid of
all the lines that are identical between both files.
Thus, reducing the length of the text tha has to be checked.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file
make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Resp: The main reason of this is that it is possible that a bug passes
unnoticed for a long time between version after version of the file.
Once the bug is noticed, it's possible to get to the first version where the bug was introduced; making it easier to repair it's consequences.
Other advantage would be that one can have different algorithms in
each version to resolve one particular task. In this way,
it's easy to do tests with each version to look for the most
efficient way to do that task.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing
when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions
automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Resp: the pros of manually choosing when to create a commit is that
the changes in each version have more logical meaning. Each changes
reflects something meaningful. The disadvantage resides in that
the user has to remember all the time to create the commit whenever
there are meaningful changes on the file.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat
each file separately?
Resp: Git saves multiple files in one commit, because it's supposed that
all the files of that commit are related between them, in regard
of a common project.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view
the history of files?
Resp: git log is used to check the chronology of all the commits registered in the repository; get diff is used to compare two committed
versions of one particular file, and visualize their differences.

How might using version control make you more confident to make
changes that could break something?
Resp: That makes me very confident about making any change, because
I know I can revert any change easily.

Now that you have your workspace stup, what do you want to try using Git for?
Resp: I wnat to use git for my excel macros projects.
